The upload of a 15 GB object to Amazon S3 fails. The error message reads: "Your proposed
upload exceeds the maximum allowed object size." What technique will allow the Developer to
upload this object?
A. Upload the object using the multi-part upload API.
B. Upload the object over an AWS Direct Connect connection.
C. Contact AWS Support to increase the object size limit.
D. Upload the object to another AWS region.
A
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonS3/latest/userguide/mpuoverview.html

A Developer wants to encrypt new objects that are being uploaded to an Amazon S3 bucket
by an application.
There must be an audit trail of who has used the key during this process. There should be no change
to the performance of the application.
Which type of encryption meets these requirements?
A. Server-side encryption using S3-managed keys
B. Server-side encryption with AWS KMS-managed keys
C. Client-side encryption with a client-side symmetric master key
D. Client-side encryption with AWS KMS-managed keys
B
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonS3/latest/dev/bucket-encryption.html

A large e-commerce site is being designed to deliver static objects from Amazon S3. The
Amazon S3 bucket wills server more than 300 GET requests per second. What should be done to
optimize performance? (Select TWO.)
A. Integrate Amazon CloudFront with Amazon S3.
B. Enable Amazon S3 cross-region replication.
C. Delete expired Amazon S3 server log files.
D. Configure Amazon S3 lifecycle rules.
E. Randomize Amazon S3 key name prefixes.
AB
http://jayendrapatil.com/aws-s3-best-practices/

Company is currently hosting their corporate site in an Amazon S3 bucket with Static Website Hosting
enabled.
Currently, when visitors go to http://www.companyc.com the index.html page is returned. Company
C now would like a new page welcome.html to be returned when a visitor enters
http://www.companyc.com in the browser.
Which of the following steps will allow Company C to meet this requirement? Choose 2 answers
A. Upload an html page named welcome.html to their S3 bucket
B. Create a welcome subfolder in their S3 bucket
C. Set the Index Document property to welcome.html
D. Move the index.html page to a welcome subfolder
E. Set the Error Document property to welcome.html

Company D is running their corporate website on Amazon S3 accessed from
http//www.companyd.com. Their marketing team has published new web fonts to a separate S3
bucket accessed by the S3 endpoint
https://s3-us-west-1.amazonaws.com/cdfonts. While testing the new web fonts, Company D
recognized the web fonts are being blocked by the browser.
What should Company D do to prevent the web fonts from being blocked by the browser?
A. Enable versioning on the cdfonts bucket for each web font
B. Create a policy on the cdfonts bucket to enable access to everyone
C. Add the Content-MD5 header to the request for webfonts in the cdfonts bucket from the website
D. Configure the cdfonts bucket to allow cross-origin requests by creating a CORS configuration

An application stores images in an S3 bucket. Amazon S3 event notifications are used to
trigger a Lambda function that resizes the images. Processing each image takes less than a second.
How will AWS Lambda handle the additional traffic?
A. Lambda will scale out to execute the requests concurrently.
B. Lambda will handle the requests sequentially in the order received.
C. Lambda will process multiple images in a single execution.
D. Lambda will add more compute to each execution to reduce processing time

A Developer is storing sensitive documents in Amazon S3 that will require encryption at rest.
The encryption keys must be rotated annually, at least.
What is the easiest way to achieve this?
A. Encrypt the data before sending it to Amazon S3
B. Import a custom key into AWS KMS with annual rotation enabled
C. Use AWS KMS with automatic key rotation
D. Export a key from AWS KMS to encrypt the data


An organization must store thousands of sensitive audio and video files in an Amazon S3
bucket.
Organizational security policies require that all data written to this bucket be encrypted.
How can compliance with this policy be ensured?
A. Use AWS Lambda to send notifications to the security team if unencrypted objects are pun in the
bucket.
B. Configure an Amazon S3 bucket policy to prevent the upload of objects that do not contain the xamzserver-
side-encryption header.
C. Create an Amazon CloudWatch event rule to verify that all objects stored in the Amazon S3 bucket
are encrypted.
D. Configure an Amazon S3 bucket policy to prevent the upload of objects that contain the x-amzserver-
sideencryption header.

A company needs to encrypt data at rest, but it wants to leverage an AWS managed service
using its own master key.
Which of the following AWS service can be used to meet these requirements?
A. SSE with Amazon S3
B. SSE with AWS KMS
C. Client-side encryption
D. AWS IAM roles and policies


A static website is hosted in an Amazon S3 bucket. Several HTML pages on the site use
JavaScript to download images from another Amazon S3 bucket. These images are not displayed
when users browse the site.
What is the possible cause for the issue?
A. The referenced Amazon S3 bucket is in another region.
B. The images must be stored in the same Amazon S3 bucket.
C. Port 80 must be opened on the security group in which the Amazon S3 bucket is located.
D. Cross Origin Resource Sharing must be enabled on the Amazon S3 bucket.

An Amazon S3 bucket, "myawsbucket" is configured with website hosting in Tokyo region,
what is the region-specific website endpoint?
A. www.myawsbucket.ap-northeast-1.amazonaws.com
B. myawsbucket.s3-website-ap-northeast-1.amazonawscom
C. myawsbucket.amazonaws.com
D. myawsbucket.tokyo.amazonaws.com

You attempt to store an object in the US-STANDARD region in Amazon S3, and receive a
confirmation that it has been successfully stored. You then immediately make another API call and
attempt to read this object. S3 tells you that the object does not exist What could explain this
behavior?
A. US-STANDARD uses eventual consistency and it can take time for an object to be readable in a
bucket
B. Objects in Amazon S3 do not become visible until they are replicated to a second region.
C. US-STANDARD imposes a 1 second delay before new objects are readable.
D. You exceeded the bucket object limit, and once this limit is raised the object will be visible.

When uploading an object, what request header can be explicitly specified in a request to
Amazon S3 to encrypt object data when saved on the server side?
A. x-amz-storage-class
B. Content-MD5
C. x-amz-security-token
D. x-amz-server-side-encryption

An application overwrites an object in Amazon S3, and then immediately reads the same
object. Why would the application sometimes retrieve the old version of the object?
A. S3 overwrite PUTS are eventually consistent, so the application may read the old object.
B. The application needs to add extra metadata to label the latest version when uploading to Amazon
S3.
C. All S3 PUTS are eventually consistent, so the application may read the old object.
D. The application needs to explicitly specify latest version when retrieving the object.

A Developer decides to store highly secure data in Amazon S3 and wants to implement
server-side encryption (SSE) with granular control of who can access the master key Company policy
requires that the master key be created, rotated, and disabled easily when needed, all for security
reasons.
Which solution should be used to meet these requirements?
A. SSE with Amazon S3 managed keys (SSE-S3)
B. SSE with AWS KMS managed keys (SSE KMS)
C. SSE with AWS Secrets Manager
D. SSE with customer provided encryption keys




