A Developer is writing a mobile application that allows users to view images from an S3
bucket. The users must be able to log in with their Amazon login, as well as Facebook and/or Google
accounts.
How can the Developer provide this authentication functionality?
A. Use Amazon Cognito with web identity federation.
B. Use Amazon Cognito with SAML-based identity federation.
C. Use AWS IAM Access/Secret keys in the application code to allow Get* on the S3 bucket.
D. Use AWS STS AssumeRole in the application code and assume a role with Get* permissions on the
S3 bucket.
A

A developer is adding sign-up and sign-in functionality to an application. The application is required to
make an API call to a custom analytics solution to log user sign-in events.
Which combination of actions should the developer take to satisfy these requirements? (Select TWO.)
A) Use Amazon Cognito to provide the sign-up and sign-in functionality.
B) Use AWS IAM to provide the sign-up and sign-in functionality.
C) Configure an AWS Config rule to make the API call triggered by the post-authentication event.
D) Invoke an Amazon API Gateway method to make the API call triggered by the post-authentication event.
E) Execute an AWS Lambda function to make the API call triggered by the post-authentication event.
C

A developer is developing an application for Amazon EC2 instances. To read and write records, the application must establish a connection to an Amazon DynamoDB database. The security staff must change access keys on a regular basis.
Which technique will meet these criteria?

A. Create an IAM role with read and write access to the DynamoDB table. Generate access keys for the user and store the access keys in the application as environment variables.
B. Create an IAM user with read and write access to the DynamoDB table. Store the user name and password in the application and generate access keys using an AWS SDK.
C. Create an IAM role, configure read and write access for the DynamoDB table, and attach to the EC2 instances.
D. Create an IAM user with read and write access to the DynamoDB table. Generate access keys for the user and store the access keys in the application as a credentials file.

How should access keys be handled in AWS according to best practices? (Select two.)
A. Use the same access key in all applications for consistency.
B. Delete all access keys for the account root user.
C. Leave unused access keys in the account for tracking purposes.
D. Embed and encrypt access keys in code for continuous deployment.
E. Use Amazon IAM roles instead of access keys where possible.
B,E

An application has hundreds of users. Each user may use multiple devices to access the
application. The Developer wants to assign unique identifiers to these users regardless of the device
they use.
Which of the following methods should be used to obtain unique identifiers?
A. Create a user table in Amazon DynamoDB as key-value pairs of users and their devices. Use these
keys as unique identifiers.
B. Use IAM-generated access key IDs for the users as the unique identifier, but do not store secret
keys.
C. Implement developer-authenticated identities by using Amazon Cognito, and get credentials for
these identities.

An application is being developed to audit several AWS accounts. The application will run in
Account A and must access AWS services in Accounts B and C.
What is the MOST secure way to allow the application to call AWS services in each audited account?
A. Configure cross-account roles in each audited account. Write code in Account A that assumes
those roles
B. Use S3 cross-region replication to communicate among accounts, with Amazon S3 event
notifications to trigger Lambda functions
C. Deploy an application in each audited account with its own role. Have Account A authenticate with
the application
D. Create an IAM user with an access key in each audited account. Write code in Account A that uses
those access keys

