lambda
A Developer is writing a serverless application that requires that an AWS Lambda function be
invoked every
10 minutes.
What is an automated and serverless way to trigger the function?
A. Deploy an Amazon EC2 instance based on Linux, and edit its /etc/crontab file by adding a
command to periodically invoke the Lambda function.
B. Configure an environment variable named PERIOD for the Lambda function. Set the value to 600.
C. Create an Amazon CloudWatch Events rule that triggers on a regular schedule to invoke the
Lambda function.
D. Create an Amazon SNS topic that has a subscription to the Lambda function with a 600-second
timer.


An application stores images in an S3 bucket. Amazon S3 event notifications are used to
trigger a Lambda function that resizes the images. Processing each image takes less than a second.
How will AWS Lambda handle the additional traffic?
A. Lambda will scale out to execute the requests concurrently.
B. Lambda will handle the requests sequentially in the order received.
C. Lambda will process multiple images in a single execution.
D. Lambda will add more compute to each execution to reduce processing time

A Developer is creating a Lambda function that will generate and export a file. The function
requires 100 MB of temporary storage for temporary files while executing. These files will not be
needed after the function is complete.
How can the Developer MOST efficiently handle the temporary files?
A. Store the files in EBS and delete the files at the end of the Lambda function.
B. Copy the files to EFS and delete the files at the end of the Lambda function.
C. Store the files in the /tmp directory and delete the files at the end of the Lambda function.
D. Copy the files to an S3 bucket with a lifecycle policy to delete the files.

A Lambda function is packaged for deployment to multiple environments, including
development, test, production, etc. Each environment has unique set of resources such as databases,
etc.
How can the Lambda function use the resources for the current environment?
A. Apply tags to the Lambda functions.
B. Hardcore resources in the source code.
C. Use environment variables for the Lambda functions.
D. Use separate function for development and production.

A Developer has created a large Lambda function, and deployment is failing with the
following error:
ClientError: An error occurred (InvalidParameterValueException) when calling the CreateFunction
operation: Unzipped size must be smaller than XXXXXXXXX bytes', where XXXXXXXXX is the current
Lambda limit What can the Developer do to fix this problem?
A. Submit a limit increase request to AWS Support to increase the function to the size needed.
B. Use a compression algorithm that is more efficient than ZIP.
C. Break the function into multiple smaller Lambda functions.
D. ZIP the ZIP file twice to compress it further.

A company has written a Java AWS Lambda function to be triggered whenever a user uploads
an image to an Amazon S3 bucket. The function converts the original image to several different
formats and then copies the resulting images to another Amazon S3 bucket.
The Developers find that no images are being copied to the second Amazon S3 bucket. They have
tested the code on an Amazon EC2 instance with 1GB of RAM, and it takes an average of 500 seconds
to complete.
What is the MOST likely cause of the problem?
A. The Lambda function has insufficient memory and needs to be increased to 1 GB to match the
Amazon EC2 instance
B. Files need to be copied to the same Amazon S3 bucket for processing, so the second bucket needs
to be deleted.
C. Lambda functions have a maximum execution limit of 300 seconds, therefore the function is not
completing.
D. There is a problem with the Java runtime for Lambda, and the function needs to be converted to
node.js.

---------------------------------------------

An application deployed on AWS Elastic Beanstalk experiences increased error rates during
deployments of new application versions, resulting in service degradation for users. The
Development team believes that this is because of the reduction in capacity during the deployment
steps. The team would like to change the deployment policy configuration of the environment to an
option that maintains full capacity during deployment while using the existing instances.
Which deployment policy will meet these requirements while using the existing instances?
A. All at once
B. Rolling
C. Rolling with additional batch
D. Immutable

Which of the following platforms are supported by Elastic Beanstalk? Choose 2 answers
A. Apache Tomcat
B. .NET
C. IBM Websphere
D. Oracle JBoss
E. Jetty

A Developer is writing a Linux-based application to run on AWS Elastic Beanstalk.
Application requirements state that the application must maintain full capacity during updates while
minimizing cost.
Which type of Elastic Beanstalk deployment policy should the Developer specify for the
environment?
A. Immutable
B. Rolling
C. All at Once
D. Rolling with additional batch

A development team is using AWS Elastic Beanstalk to deploy a two-tier application that
consists of a load-balanced web tier and an Amazon RDS database tier in production. The team would
like to separate the RDS instance from the Elastic Beanstalk.
How can this be accomplished?
A. Use the Elastic Beanstalk CLI to disassociate the database.
B. Use the AWS CLI to disassociate the database.
C. Change the deployment policy to disassociate the database.
D. Recreate a new Elastic Beanstalk environment without Amazon RDS.

What AWS products and features can be deployed by Elastic Beanstalk? Choose 3 answers
A. Auto scaling groups
B. Route 53 hosted zones
C. Elastic Load Balancers
D. RDS Instances
E. Elastic IP addresses
F. SQS Queues

A customer wants to deploy its source code on an AWS Elastic Beanstalk environment. The
customer needs to perform deployment with minimal outage and should only use existing instances
to retain application access log.
What deployment policy would satisfy these requirements?
A. Rolling
B. All at once
C. Rolling with an additional batch
D. Immutable

An advertising company has a dynamic website with heavy traffic. The company wants to
migrate the website infrastructure to AWS to handle everything except website development.
Which solution BEST meets these requirements?
A. Use AWS VM Import to migrate a web server image to AWS Launch the image on a computeoptimized
Amazon EC2 instanceLaunch.
B. Launch multiple Amazon Lighsall instance behind a load balancer. Set up the website on those
instances.
C. Deploy the website code in an AWS Elastic Beanstalk environment. Use Auto Scaling to scale the
numbers of instance
D. Use Amazon S3 to host the website. Use Amazon CloudFornt to deliver the content at scale.

An AWS Elastic Beanstalk application needs to be deployed in multiple regions and requires a
different Amazon Machine Image (AMI) in each region.
Which AWS CloudFormation template key can be used to specify the correct AMI for each region?
A. Parameters
B. Outputs
C. Mappings
D. Resources




