lambda
A Developer is writing a serverless application that requires that an AWS Lambda function be
invoked every
10 minutes.
What is an automated and serverless way to trigger the function?
A. Deploy an Amazon EC2 instance based on Linux, and edit its /etc/crontab file by adding a
command to periodically invoke the Lambda function.
B. Configure an environment variable named PERIOD for the Lambda function. Set the value to 600.
C. Create an Amazon CloudWatch Events rule that triggers on a regular schedule to invoke the
Lambda function.
D. Create an Amazon SNS topic that has a subscription to the Lambda function with a 600-second
timer.


An application stores images in an S3 bucket. Amazon S3 event notifications are used to
trigger a Lambda function that resizes the images. Processing each image takes less than a second.
How will AWS Lambda handle the additional traffic?
A. Lambda will scale out to execute the requests concurrently.
B. Lambda will handle the requests sequentially in the order received.
C. Lambda will process multiple images in a single execution.
D. Lambda will add more compute to each execution to reduce processing time

A Developer is creating a Lambda function that will generate and export a file. The function
requires 100 MB of temporary storage for temporary files while executing. These files will not be
needed after the function is complete.
How can the Developer MOST efficiently handle the temporary files?
A. Store the files in EBS and delete the files at the end of the Lambda function.
B. Copy the files to EFS and delete the files at the end of the Lambda function.
C. Store the files in the /tmp directory and delete the files at the end of the Lambda function.
D. Copy the files to an S3 bucket with a lifecycle policy to delete the files.

A Lambda function is packaged for deployment to multiple environments, including
development, test, production, etc. Each environment has unique set of resources such as databases,
etc.
How can the Lambda function use the resources for the current environment?
A. Apply tags to the Lambda functions.
B. Hardcore resources in the source code.
C. Use environment variables for the Lambda functions.
D. Use separate function for development and production.

A Developer has created a large Lambda function, and deployment is failing with the
following error:
ClientError: An error occurred (InvalidParameterValueException) when calling the CreateFunction
operation: Unzipped size must be smaller than XXXXXXXXX bytes', where XXXXXXXXX is the current
Lambda limit What can the Developer do to fix this problem?
A. Submit a limit increase request to AWS Support to increase the function to the size needed.
B. Use a compression algorithm that is more efficient than ZIP.
C. Break the function into multiple smaller Lambda functions.
D. ZIP the ZIP file twice to compress it further.

A company has written a Java AWS Lambda function to be triggered whenever a user uploads
an image to an Amazon S3 bucket. The function converts the original image to several different
formats and then copies the resulting images to another Amazon S3 bucket.
The Developers find that no images are being copied to the second Amazon S3 bucket. They have
tested the code on an Amazon EC2 instance with 1GB of RAM, and it takes an average of 500 seconds
to complete.
What is the MOST likely cause of the problem?
A. The Lambda function has insufficient memory and needs to be increased to 1 GB to match the
Amazon EC2 instance
B. Files need to be copied to the same Amazon S3 bucket for processing, so the second bucket needs
to be deleted.
C. Lambda functions have a maximum execution limit of 300 seconds, therefore the function is not
completing.
D. There is a problem with the Java runtime for Lambda, and the function needs to be converted to
node.js.
---------------------------------------------
EC2
An application running on an Amazon Linux EC2 instance needs to manage the AWS
infrastructure.
How can the EC2 instance be configured to make AWS API calls securely?
A. Sign the AWS CLI command using the signature version 4 process.
B. Run the aws configure AWS CLI command and specify the access key id and secret access key.
C. Specify a role for the EC2 instance with the necessary privileges.
D. Pass the access key id and secret access key as parameters for each AWS CLI command.
C

An application runs on multiple EC2 instances behind an ELB.
Where is the session data best written so that it can be served reliably across multiple requests?
A. Write data to Amazon ElastiCache
B. Write data to Amazon Elastic Block Store.
C. Write data to Amazon EC2 Instance Store.
D. Write data to the root filesystem.
A

What is one key difference between an Amazon EBS-backed and an instance-store backed
instance?
A. Virtual Private Cloud requires EBS backed instances
B. Amazon EBS-backed instances can be stopped and restarted
C. Auto scaling requires using Amazon EBS-backed instances.
D. Instance-store backed instances can be stopped and restarted.

How can software determine the public and private IP addresses of the Amazon EC2 instance
that it is running on?
A. Query the appropriate Amazon CloudWatch metric.
B. Use ipconfig or ifconfig command.
C. Query the local instance userdata.
D. Query the local instance metadata.


A Developer needs to use AWS X-Ray to monitor an application that is deployed on EC2
instances.
What steps have to be executed to perform the monitoring?
A. Deploy the X-Ray SDK with the application and use X-Ray annotation.
B. Install the X-Ray daemon and instrument the application code.
C. Install the X-Ray daemon and configure it to forward data to Amazon CloudWatch Events.
D. Deploy the X-Ray SDK with the application and instrument the application code.

While developing an application that runs on Amazon EC2 in an Amazon VPC, a Developer
identifies the need for centralized storage of application-level logs.
Which AWS service can be used to securely store these logs?
A. Amazon EC2 VPC Flow Logs
B. Amazon CloudWatch Logs
C. Amazon CloudSearch
D. AWS CloudTrail

A Developer is creating an Auto Scaling group whose instances need to publish a custom
metric to Amazon CloudWatch.
Which method would be the MOST secure way to authenticate a CloudWatch PUT request?
A. Create an IAM user with PutMetricData permission and put the user credentials in a private
repository; have applications pull the credentials as needed.
B. Create an IAM user with PutMetricData permission, and modify the Auto Scaling launch
configuration to inject the user credentials into the instance user data.
C. Modify the CloudWatch metric policies to allow the PutMetricData permission to instances from
the Auto Scaling group.
D. Create an IAM role with PutMetricData permission and modify the Auto Scaling launching
configuration to launch instances using that role.


-----------------
DB
A company is migrating its on-premises database to Amazon RDS for MySQL. The company
has read-heavy workloads, and wants to make sure it re-factors its code to achieve optimum read
performance for its queries.
How can this objective be met?
A. Add database retries to effectively use RDS with vertical scaling
B. Use RDS with multi-AZ deployment
C. Add a connection string to use an RDS read replica for read queries
D. Add a connection string to use a read replica on an EC2 instance.


During non-peak hours, a Developer wants to minimize the execution time of a full Amazon
DynamoDB table scan without affecting normal workloads. The workloads average half of the
strongly consistent read capacity units during non-peak hours.
How would the Developer optimize this scan?
A. Use parallel scans while limiting the rate
B. Use sequential scans
C. Increase read capacity units during the scan operation
D. Change consistency to eventually consistent during the scan operation


Developer is writing transactions into a DynamoDB table called "SystemUpdates" that has 5
write capacity units.
Which option has the highest read throughput?
A. Eventually consistent reads of 5 read capacity units reading items that are 4 KB in size
B. Strongly consistent reads of 5 read capacity units reading items that are 4 KB in size
C. Eventually consistent reads of 15 read capacity units reading items that are 1 KB in size
D. Strongly consistent reads of 15 read capacity units reading items that are 1 KB in size

In DynamoDB, what type of HTTP response codes indicate that a problem was found with the
client request sent to the service?
A. 5xx HTTP response code
B. 200 HTTP response code
C. 306 HTTP response code
D. 4xx HTTP response code

An application writes items to an Amazon DynamoDB table. As the application scales to
thousands of instances, calls to the DynamoDB API generate occasional ThrottlingException errors.
The application is coded in a language incompatible with the AWS SDK.
How should the error be handled?
A. Add exponential backoff to the application logic
B. Use Amazon SQS as an API message bus
C. Pass API calls through Amazon API Gateway
D. Send the items to DynamoDB through Amazon Kinesis Data Firehose

A company caches session information for a web application in an Amazon DynamoDB table.
The company wants an automated way to delete old items from the table.
What is the simplest way to do this?
A. Write a script that deletes old records; schedule the scripts as a cron job on an Amazon EC2
instance.
B. Add an attribute with the expiration time; enable the Time To Live feature based on that attribute.
C. Each day, create a new table to hold session data; delete the previous day's table.
D. Add an attribute with the expiration time; name the attribute ItemExpiration

A meteorological system monitors 600 temperature gauges, obtaining temperature samples
every minute and saving each sample to a DynamoDB table. Each sample involves writing 1K of data
and the writes are evenly distributed over time.
How much write throughput is required for the target table?
A. 1 write capacity unit
B. 10 write capacity units
C. 60 write capacity units
D. 600 write capacity units
E. 3600 write capacity units

Which statements about DynamoDB are true? Choose 2 answers
A. DynamoDB uses a pessimistic locking model
B. DynamoDB uses optimistic concurrency control
C. DynamoDB uses conditional writes for consistency
D. DynamoDB restricts item access during reads
E. DynamoDB restricts item access during writes

How is provisioned throughput affected by the chosen consistency model when reading
data from a DynamoDB table?
A. Strongly consistent reads use the same amount of throughput as eventually consistent reads
B. Strongly consistent reads use more throughput than eventually consistent reads.
C. Strongly consistent reads use less throughput than eventually consistent reads
D. Strongly consistent reads use variable throughput depending on read activity
